Introduce "generic" hook and refactor statuses and statuses actions hooks (#52)
inpsyde/modularity: docs/Application-flow.md

# The application flow

Modularity implements its application flow in two phases:

- First, the application's dependencies tree is "composed" by collecting services declared in modules, adding sub-containers, and connecting other applications.
- After that, the application dependency tree is locked, and the services are "consumed" to execute their behavior.

The `Package` class implements the two phases above, respectively, in the two methods:

- **`Package::build()`**
- **`Package::boot()`**

### Single-phase VS two-phases bootstrapping

> It must be noted that **`Package::boot()`**, before proceeding with the "boot" phase, will execute the "build" phase if it hasn't been executed yet. In other words, it is not always necessary to explicitly call `Package::build()`, and many times calling `Package::build()` will suffice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It must be noted that **`Package::boot()`**, before proceeding with the "boot" phase, will execute the "build" phase if it hasn't been executed yet. In other words, it is not always necessary to explicitly call `Package::build()`, and many times calling `Package::boot()` will suffice.
```

The following two code snippets are equivalent:

```php
Package::new($properties)->build()->boot();
```

```php
Package::new($properties)->boot();
```

### Use cases for two-phased bootstrapping

> There might be at least two use case for explicitly calling `Package::build()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are at least two use cases for explicitly calling `Package::build()`:
```

- When a plugin needs to "execute" pretty late during the WordPress loading, let's say, at `"template_redirect"`, we might to call `Package::boot()` at the latest possible time, but call `Package::build()` earlier to enable other packages to connect to it.
- In unit tests, it might be desirable to access services from the container without any need to add hook via `Package::boot()`. In this specific case, the production code might only call `Package::boot()` while test might just use `Package::build()`.

Both stages are implemented through a series of *steps*, and the application status progresses as the steps are complete. In the process, a few action hooks are fired to allow external code to interact with the flow.

At any point of the flow, by holding an instance of the `Package`, it is possible to inspect the current status via `Package::statusIs()`, passing as an argument one of the `Package::STATUS_*` constants.

## The "build" phase

1. Upon instantiation, the `Package` status is at **`Package::STATUS_IDLE`**

> 2. Modules can be added by directly calling **`Package::addModule()`** on the instance and other packages can be added by calling **`Package::connect()`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Modules can be added by directly calling **`Package::addModule()`** on the instance, and other packages can be added by calling **`Package::connect()`**.
```
